Vigga, Vigga, Vigga, are you all right?
I've been looking for you for a long time, Jugeta.
Why didn't you tell me before?
I had to be sure.
Mark told me the whole story.
He lied, of course, as he always does.
They have only two nights to go for the blood star.
Blood star?
I found you just some time.
Or perhaps the gods are on my side for a change.
Vigga, I don't understand. What do you mean?
When you took care of life, I created a talisman.
Bring you back to life, you and Marcus.
They have been cursed since that day.
When the blood star appears, among the three lovers,
only those who hold the amulet will stay alive.
But what has Marcus got to do with this?
According to Spel, I had to sacrifice someone else.
I chose Marcus, but it all went wrong.
All three of us were cursed.
So that's why he wants to kill you?
If he survives the blood star, nothing will stand on his way to the Journal of Life.
But fortunately, the talisman's has fought his two owners.
You son of a bitch!